oh I do like a party come on babe what
should happen if you forget about me
silly unfair oh never forget about you
pay a promise Averell when I'm a hundred
we should be working this weekend Robin
but I promised my wife and daughter I'd
take them away this weekend all hands on
deck you won't be coming to the cottage
it can't be helped your life is
happening now right in front of you what
to do what to do what to do what to do
indeed poor Christopher Robin no the
tree I remember was in the countryside
not here in London there's no opening I
suppose it's where it needs to be that's
a silly explanation watch thank you who
why are you here oh yes I need your help
I've lost all of my friends let's get to
the bottom of this
look out poo here I come oh it would
appear that I am stuck have you do
stateand honey I have not just eaten I
wonder which way I always get to where
I'm going my walking away from where I
have been no you that's the way I do it
turn hello you're Christopher Robin
that's you play there it's gonna see if
we can't find piglet I've already stayed
far too long
hello everyone so nice to see you all
again
why shake you silly old bear I was wrong
about work I was wrong about everything
and I've got to get back to my family
farewell Christopher Robin
I would have liked it to go on for a
while longer
perhaps it's our turn to save
Christopher
you must be Madeleine wait you're the
bear of my father's floorings yes do you
know where he is I did you saw the most
preposterous impossible
piglet if anyone wants to clap now is
the time to do it I don't remember being
cheery
people say nothing is impossible but I
do nothing every day
no no kapu that's not nevermind
you
[Music]